Need to install TouchMote: http://touchmote.net/
Make sure its the 64-bit system (middle)

Its gonna say can't install, but hit more info and a button to install anyway should pop up. 
2-3 windows want to install drivers should pop up. click install on all of them. 
DONT RESET YET
In the "Drivers and shit" folder there is a folder called "Keymaps." You need to replace the touchmote Keymaps with this folder. 
Go to C:\Program Files\Touchmote and it should be in there. 


Put in the install disk for the bluetooth (in the black folder). 
Nothing will pop up, so you have to go into File explorer and open the disk that way.
Inside the disk there should be a FOLDER called AutoRun. In that folder, there is a .exe called Auto run. Run that. 
A window should pop up and a picture of the bluetooth device should appear Click that. 
Three options should be shown. You only need to install the first two. Click on the Wifi driver (it will take 9 years for something to happen.)
If some chinese looking shit pops up click the left most option. The way you can tell if the driver you clicked works is if a window pops up
asking for permission to run the program. DO NOT RESET WHEN DONE. Once that is installed, install the bluetooth driver. Now reset. 

To connect the Wiimotes just follow the instructions when you open touchmote. Make sure the bluetooth device is in a 3.0 port (blue). 

To connect the pads just plug them in. 
Under "Drivers and shit" there should be a folder called "JotToKey_en." Follow the folders untill you get to a .exe application. Run that as 
an admin. Under "Profile 1" there should be a header called Options. Click that and refresh the joysticks. (I think 6 should be active depending on 
if you connected the Wiimotes or not.) When you press the pads now Joystick 3 and Joystick 4 should highlight. If not then you need to change the pads. 
Go to settings->Configure Joysticks->Advnaces setting for each device. Under the "Please select a device" (drop down menu), click on the Gamepad and under
"Specify a preferred joystick number when this device is connected" change it to the respective joystick. 

Everything should work right. To test open a text editor and start clicking buttons. If the buttons are near WASD that is player one. If there are near
the numpad that is player two. 